= AD Competitions

== About
In order to find art and design competitions, artists and designers usually have to peruse multiple sites to find information about the competitions they may be interested in submitting work to. Once they find this information, usually they need to keep track of them separately by manually entering it into their calendars or planners. AComp Tracker streamlines this process by allowing users to search through the database of current international competitions, add them to their profiles, and visually keep track of dates - entry and fee deadlines, when they need to submit work by, and when they will receive notification of the competition results.

This is a Ruby application using the Rails framework.


== User Narratives
* I am Debbie the Designer. As a professional designer, I find it important to consistently promote my work. One way to do this is through various design competitions that will publish my work and build my reputation as a qualified designer. I found AComp Tracker through Google. Even before signing in, I am able to search through the database by categories and see a robust list of competitions that I would like to submit work to.

*  am Ian, an Illustrator. I heard about AComp Tracker through an illustrator friend. I visit the site, search through the database, and decide to sign up as a user. Once signed up, I am redirected to my profile page where I am given a brief tour. After searching through competitions, I can easily add ones I'm interested in to my profile. From my profile, I can see the names of the competitions I selected and see the dates on the calendar. I like the calendar because it shows me three consecutive months and highlights the various dates for each competition. Early bird entry, work submission, competition deadline, and winner notification dates are all marked with different colors to make it easy to see.

== Wireframes



== Schema Drawings




== With more time...
1. Make it a more expanded app more tailored to freelance designers and artists. Add ability to keep track of key contacts, a monthly and annual checklist of things they need to do to keep their freelance business running.
2. Set up welcome emails delivered to new users.
3. Send email notifications to users of deadlines that are approaching for competitions that they've selected.
4. In order for users to sign up and keep track of competition dates, users pay a small fee to pay for the service.

== Getting Started